---
layout: post
title: Dear Internet, Issue &#35;2&#58; Minimum Viable Track
date_created: 02  2012
location: London, UK
excerpt: In which I discuss how I'm going to write music again, and record it and stuff.
associated_track: http://danplusadd.co.uk/tracks/100percentorganic/Dan_Plus_Add_-_Way_Too_Drunk_acoustic.mp3
---

*tl;dr:* New song! Check it the hell out: <span class="track-controls"><a href="/tracks/100percentorganic/Dan_Plus_Add_-_Way_Too_Drunk_acoustic.mp3"></a>&nbsp;<a class="inline-playable" href="/tracks/100percentorganic/Dan_Plus_Add_-_Way_Too_Drunk_acoustic.mp3"><i class="icon-play"></i></a></span>Way Too Drunk

*Dear Internet*, as you might know, writing and recording a full studio album (even if the studio is your bedroom, and even if "the album is a hodge-podge collections of songs you've been writing over the course of two years":http://open.spotify.com/album/2t5pxCYilQExlopyymFI2U) is a fucking epic task. Especially if you're doing it _alone_.

I wrote & recorded MOGI during my first two years of University, when I had considerably more free time than I do these days, as I noted in "my previous post":/blog/Dear-Internet-Issue-1/.

I have, as of last weekend, written 8 fully-formed songs which I _really like_ since , which take up about 30-40 minutes of songtime. I have a few more on the backburner, potentially enough for... _drumroll, please_ ... *a new album!*

However, it's still a long way off. A *long* way off. So, I've decided against going solely for "the big reveal":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reveal_(narrative) and instead to do what I did for MOGI: drip-feed the Internet songs in a limited, more... "MVP":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minimum_viable_product way, and then record the proper, massive studio version for the album release. These songs will come under the album "100% Organic" because they will mostly be acoustic.

So, I present to you the first song I've recorded in a while, <span class="track-controls"><a href="/tracks/100percentorganic/Dan_Plus_Add_-_Way_Too_Drunk_acoustic.mp3"></a>&nbsp;<a class="inline-playable" href="/tracks/100percentorganic/Dan_Plus_Add_-_Way_Too_Drunk_acoustic.mp3"><i class="icon-play"></i></a></span>Way Too Drunk. Download it "here":/tracks/100percentorganic/Dan_Plus_Add_-_Way_Too_Drunk_acoustic.mp3.

As always, let me know what you think on Twitter: "@danplusadd":http://twitter.com/danplusadd